now sarai abram's wife had borne him no
now sarai abram's wife had borne him no children and she had an Egyptian
children and she had an Egyptian
children and she had an Egyptian maidservant whose name was Hagar so said
maidservant whose name was Hagar so said
maidservant whose name was Hagar so said I said to Abram see now the Lord has
I said to Abram see now the Lord has
I said to Abram see now the Lord has restrained me from bearing children
restrained me from bearing children
restrained me from bearing children please go into my maid perhaps I shall
please go into my maid perhaps I shall
please go into my maid perhaps I shall obtain children by her and Abram heeded
obtain children by her and Abram heeded
obtain children by her and Abram heeded the voice of Sarai then said I Abraham's
the voice of Sarai then said I Abraham's
the voice of Sarai then said I Abraham's wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian
wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian
wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian and gave her to her husband Abram to be
and gave her to her husband Abram to be
and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife after Abram had dwelt 10 years
his wife after Abram had dwelt 10 years
his wife after Abram had dwelt 10 years in the land of Canaan so he went in to
in the land of Canaan so he went in to
in the land of Canaan so he went in to Hagar and she conceived and when she saw
Hagar and she conceived and when she saw
Hagar and she conceived and when she saw that she had conceived her mistress
that she had conceived her mistress
that she had conceived her mistress became despised in her eyes then Sarai
became despised in her eyes then Sarai
became despised in her eyes then Sarai said to Abram my wrong be upon you I
said to Abram my wrong be upon you I
said to Abram my wrong be upon you I gave my maid into your embrace and when
gave my maid into your embrace and when
gave my maid into your embrace and when she saw that she had conceived
she saw that she had conceived
she saw that she had conceived I became despised in her eyes the Lord
I became despised in her eyes the Lord
I became despised in her eyes the Lord judge between you and me indeed your
judge between you and me indeed your
judge between you and me indeed your maid is in your hand do to her as you
maid is in your hand do to her as you
maid is in your hand do to her as you pleased
pleased
pleased and when Sarai dealt harshly with her
and when Sarai dealt harshly with her
and when Sarai dealt harshly with her she fled from her presence
now the angel of the Lord found her by a
now the angel of the Lord found her by a spring of water in the wilderness by the
spring of water in the wilderness by the
spring of water in the wilderness by the spring on the way to shore
spring on the way to shore
spring on the way to shore and he said Hagar Sarai's me wherever
and he said Hagar Sarai's me wherever
and he said Hagar Sarai's me wherever you come from and where are you going
you come from and where are you going
you come from and where are you going I'm fleeing from the presence of my
I'm fleeing from the presence of my
I'm fleeing from the presence of my mistress Sarai return to your mistress
mistress Sarai return to your mistress
mistress Sarai return to your mistress and submit yourself under her hand I
and submit yourself under her hand I
and submit yourself under her hand I will multiply your descendants
will multiply your descendants
will multiply your descendants exceedingly so that they shall not be
exceedingly so that they shall not be
exceedingly so that they shall not be counted for multitude behold you are
counted for multitude behold you are
counted for multitude behold you are with child and you shall bear a son you
with child and you shall bear a son you
with child and you shall bear a son you shall call his name Ishmael because the
shall call his name Ishmael because the
shall call his name Ishmael because the Lord has heard you affliction he shall
Lord has heard you affliction he shall
Lord has heard you affliction he shall be a wild man his hands shall be against
be a wild man his hands shall be against
be a wild man his hands shall be against every man and every man's hand against
every man and every man's hand against
every man and every man's hand against him and he shall dwell in the presence
him and he shall dwell in the presence
him and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren then she called the
of all his brethren then she called the
of all his brethren then she called the name of the Lord who spoke to her you
name of the Lord who spoke to her you
name of the Lord who spoke to her you are the God who sees for she said I also
are the God who sees for she said I also
are the God who sees for she said I also here seen him who sees me
therefore the well was called viella
therefore the well was called viella highly observe it is between kadesh and
highly observe it is between kadesh and
highly observe it is between kadesh and bered so Hagar bore Abram a son and
bered so Hagar bore Abram a son and
bered so Hagar bore Abram a son and Abram named his son whom Hagar bore
Abram named his son whom Hagar bore
Abram named his son whom Hagar bore Ishmael Abram was eighty-six years old
Ishmael Abram was eighty-six years old
Ishmael Abram was eighty-six years old when Hagar bore Ishmael to Abram